(GH-2291) Enable bootsnap loadpath caching (#2291)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/experimental_features.md

> option to shell out to SSH. See [the net-ssh
> README](https://github.com/net-ssh/net-ssh/#supported-algorithms) for a list of supported
> algorithms.

> ## Experimental Windows Performance Improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Windows performance improvements
```

> We are working to make executing Bolt on Windows much faster using several approaches. One of the ways is to use the `bootsnap` gem to cache the load paths to the gems Bolt uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're working on several approaches to speeding up Bolt execution times. 
One improvement we've made is to use the `bootsnap` gem to cache the load paths 
to the gems Bolt uses.
```

> To enable this performance improvement set the BOLT_BOOTSNAP environment variable to true before executing any commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this performance improvement, set the BOLT_BOOTSNAP environment variable to `'true'` before executing any commands.
```

```
PS C:\Users\Administrator> $env:BOLT_BOOTSNAP = 'true'
PS C:\Users\Administrator> bolt command run 'echo hello' -t localhost
```

> This can be added to your PowerShell profile while evaluating until this experimental feature is folded into the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to set the environment variable on each Bolt execution, 
set the variable in your PowerShell profile. Once this experimental feature is
folded into Bolt, you can remove the line from your profile.
```

> > Note that the first run of Bolt after enabling caching will take much longer than a normal run. All subsequent runs after will perform faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that the first run of Bolt after enabling caching takes much longer than a normal run. All subsequent runs perform faster.
```
